So I want to have a safe button in my header and for that of course we need to at map screen navigation
options and use the function form there so that we have access to this nav that object with the navigation
object and in there I want to return my consecration object.
You could add a header title but I'm actually happy without one.
But I want to set header right here and now important here.
You can use header buttons of course and render a nice icon but actually all render Some text here so
all import the text component or make sure that you do have an export import it render Some text here
where I'll just say save and you could of course all to add a platform check to make this opera case
on Android if you wanted to.
I'll just say save like this and then add a style here where I add my header button text cell and around
that I want to have a touchable views all use touchable opacity here which is there for all the need
to import not from there but actually from HREOC native so touchable opacity should be imported from
React Native and with that imported we can wrap this around this text to make our own buttons so to
say and dare I also want to add a style and that style will be having an identifier of header button
let's say now Upon pressing this I want to save what we added or save our location we chose but that's
something I'll do a second for now let's styled is so down there in the style sheet for the header button
which is that touchable opacity all add a margin horizontal of 20 to have some spacing around the button
to the left and right and on the header button text here it's of course up to you what you want to add
there but I'll add a font size of sixteen let's say and important to color for that I need the platform
API because the column needs to differ since this is on the header which is having a solid background
on Android but not on I guess I can set my color here my text color to platform OS equals Android so
to check this in on Android I'll send it to white and otherwise I'll set it to colors dot primary and
for Dad as always make sure you're importing your colors constant from up there.
So now we have the save button when we press the safe button I want to trigger a function that should
be defined in the component and that's all the something we did multiple times in the course I showed
you how you can communicate between your component and also your navigation options here so we can essentially
add a new function here save picked location handler whatever you want to name it and dysfunction or
a reference to this function should be passed to the navigation options and for Dad we can use the good
old use of fact took and use callback to a white does infinite loop if you remember and we can therefore
then wrap this with you as callback and then use the fact you're to tell our navigation options about
this by using props navigation set pyramids and then I want to set my safe location param here to the
safe picked location handler so pass a reference to this function to this param or with this param to
my headers and use effect of course depends on the safe pick location handler functions all added as
a dependency here and important now use callback here all as an array of dependencies because in here
I want to basically leafed as page and go back.
So here I can use props navigation go back and we'll tweak this in a second but for now we can do this
in Dafur normally of course this go back function would be my dependency but to avoid an infinite loop
with this approach we have to use by using parents to update the component we already are on.
I'll actually add an empty array here as a dependency so that this function effectively isn't rebuilt
right now.
So with that we can extract this safe location param in our header.
So here I want to point at my save function which I get with nav data dot navigation dot get param pointing
at the safe location identifier and then save function is the function I hook up to the on press handler
on the touchable opacity.
So this should trigger this save function is safe pick location handler function here with that saved
if we go back let's give it a try.
Let's go to pick on map and if I now click Save it should simply go back and it does.
So that works but of course right now I'm not saving any location I'm not using any location that's
the next step.
And for that we need to pass the location user picked back to the previous screen with go back.
That's relatively hard but instead we can use a pattern which I hadn't really used before in this course
I can use navigate here as well to then go back I can navigate to my new place screen with the new place
identifier as set up here in my places navigator and since I'm already on a screen ahead of that new
place screen.
Don't forget that this is a stack of screens and I'm on a screen on top of the new place screen.
This will actually not push this new place screen on top of the existing screen.
We could force this with push but I don't want you.
Instead it will go back but now by using navigate I can append some parents here I can add my picked
location and their point at my selected location prop which hopefully holds my picked location now since
I use selected location in here and since this changes I'll add this as a dependency to use callback
so that dysfunction is re created when we have a new location picked and I want to make sure that we
do have a location here so I will check if selected location or to be precise.
If we don't have one.
So if this is undefined which means the user hasn't picked one yet then I'll return and not continue
and we can also show an alert here if you want to know I'll not do that here but you could show an alert
if you wanted to.
So now will only be able to click save if we do have a location picked but if we do so we'll actually
set it on the parents of our a go back.
Action let's give it a try.
Let's go there click a pic on map and now please note I haven't picked any location yet I haven't clicked
anywhere yet so click save.
Nothing happens if I do pick a location I click save I do go back though.
So now we can use the data we're passing back from map screen in our location picker ultimately to update
the map preview there.
So that's next thing I'll do.